---
layout: post
title: "Notes for IoT"
summary: "Experience to setup RealSense Camera on Minnowboard Max."
category: IoT
---

### x00 Prerequisite

Minnowboard Max, Power(5V2A, must be 5V, larger would be burnout), USB Hub(connected with USB keyboard and USB mouse), MicroHDMI to HDMI cable(connected with monitor supporting HDMI)
Network cable, Micro-SDHC card(2G or larger), FTDI connector(if needed to catch logs from serial port), USB stick(4G or larger), RealSense Camera, dev machine installed with Ubuntu 14.04


### x01 Install Ubuntu on Minnowboard

1. Download `Ubuntu-14.04-desktop-amd64.iso` from mirrors sites. Like [NetEase mirrors site](http://mirrors.163.com/ubuntu-releases/14.04).
2. Flash USB stick within `Ubuntu-14.04-desktop-amd64.iso`. A tool __Universal-USB-Installer__ can help.
3. Insert USB stick into Minnowboard Max and start it.
4. Press __F2__ into boot manager and choose __boot from USB drive__.
5. Install Ubuntu directly. But make sure select __Install LVM__ at the first pages.
6. Finished installation then reboot it.
7. Setup network and proxy.

Notes: Make sure the installed system of dev machine is the same as Minnowboard Max.


### x02 Replace kernel modified by patches for RealSense

1. Get source code of kernel which matchs the system. Kernel version must be __4.2__ at least.

        $ apt-get source linux-image-4.2.x-xx-generic 

2. Apply patches needed by RealSense.

        $ patch -p1 < PATCHES

3. Build environment.

        # apt-get build-dep linux-image-4.2.x-xx-generic

4. Build kernel.

        $ fakeroot debian/rules clean
        $ fakeroot debian/rules binary-headers binary-generic

5. Push all built targets __*.deb__ to USB stick.

6. Copy all deb files to Minnowboard Max and install them.

        # dpkg -i linux*.deb

7. May need install linux-lts-wily*-tools-4.2.x-xx. Just go ahead to install it if errors occur after step __6__.

        # apt-get install linux-lts-wily*-tools-4.2.x-xx

8. Modify grub settings. Add `rootdelay=90` to `GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX` in `/etc/default/grub`.

9. Re-configure.

        # update-initramfs -k all -u
        # update-grub

10. Reboot system.


### x03 Build RealSense library

1. Get source code of RealSense library and copy it into Minnowboard Max with USB stick.

2. Refer `README` to build. Maybe it needs install some tools to build.

        # apt-get install automake libtool build-essential
        $ ./autogen.sh
        $ ./configure
        $ make
        # make install

3. Note that if it repeats some prompts and does not enter to compile mode, run the following command:

        # find -exec touch \{\} \;

Some prompts like `Make Warning: * has modification time *s`.

4. Run `$ ./examples/librs-info` or `$ ./examples/librs-simple-grabber` to test if success to build.

5. Check if success to install in `/usr/local/include` or `/usr/local/share/`.


### x04 Build NodeJS for RealSense

1. Get source code of NodeJS for RealSense and copy it into Minnowboard Max with USB stick.

2. Setup __nodejs env__.

        # apt-get install nodejs nodejs-legacy npm

3. Setup __npm proxy__.

        $ npm config set proxy PROXY
        $ npm config set https-proxy PROXY

4. Run `$ npm install` can install dependencies of nodejs and compile it.

5. Also can run `$ node-gyp configure && node-gyp build` to build, which is the same as `$ node-gyp rebuild`.

6. If also not entering into compile mode, refer to step __3__ in __x03__.

7. Run test by `$ ./node test/test.js`.

8. Run demo by `$ ./node server/server.js` and open browser at `http://IP:PORT`. May need some dependencies.

        $ npm install express morgan


### xFF Links

1. [Minnowboard Max firmware(BIOS)](http://firmware.intel.com/projects/minnowboard-max)
2. [Minnowboard Max Wiki](http://wiki.minnowboard.org)
